Where in the World? The Mathematics of Navigation
NOTE - [01]: Mathematics and Aviation: The Handley Page 'Gugnunc'
Mathematics and Aviation: The Handley Page 'Gugnunc'
NOTE - [02]: Modelling the Oceans: Using Maths to Predict Floods
Modelling the Oceans: Using Maths to Predict Floods
NOTE - [03]: Florence Nightingale: The Pioneer Statistician
Florence Nightingale: The Pioneer Statistician
NOTE - [04]: How does the Economy Work?
How does the Economy Work?
NOTE - [05]: A Single Surface Model, made in Bedford 1995
A Single Surface Model, made in Bedford 1995
NOTE - [06]: Second Order Surface Geometric Models, made in Tubingen 1901
Second Order Surface Geometric Models, made in Tubingen 1901
NOTE - [07]: Desvignes Spirograph Drawings, made in Vienna 1845
Desvignes Spirograph Drawings, made in Vienna 1845
NOTE - [08]: 58 Stellations of Icosahedrons, made in London 1986
58 Stellations of Icosahedrons, made in London 1986
NOTE - [09]: 5 Exchequer Tally Sticks, made in London 1440
5 Exchequer Tally Sticks, made in London 1440
NOTE - [10]: 'z = 3a(x2 - y2) - (x3 + y3)', made in London 1900
'z = 3a(x2 - y2) - (x3 + y3)', made in London 1900
NOTE - [11]: Incan Quipu Counter Replica, made in New York 1974
Incan Quipu Counter Replica, made in New York 1974
NOTE - [12]: Mathematics Gifts
Mathematics Gifts
NOTE - (https://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/objects-and-stories)